oh my god that was beautiful kill chain
that's what I axi sniping goalie sniping
only quickscope quickscope clicks come
fuck is this kid site click scope
quickscope quick single what's a quick
scope I don't know what quick scope is
no I'm sorry I have 90,000 kills with a
ballista and all it was hard to get I
would go today my friends there's always
hope you all have in yourselves a
fantastic day my fucking up my intro I
am double uploading but if they're Dana
up and I just got stuck by a crossbow
fuck I don't know what I'm doing or
what's going on with me when I decided
that I wanted to start double bloating I
did not expect this much feedback but
I'm happy with it recently I have been
experiencing the benefit of host
connection and a solid for bar let me
tell you what it's a beautiful thing to
run a solid 4 ball every game oh my god
let me let you in on a little secret I
was back at my old house my old modem
was from 1996 i was born in 1997 it was
older than I was we had an 18 year old
modem and a point nine six upload speed
those of you who know what that is no
it's complete shit or step dad plays mad
xbox so we got like a two hundred three
hundred dollar router now with host
connection you're just basically the
owner of the lobby it could just be a
fucking private match you make your own
rules when you're the host of the game
it's an incredible feeling to have that
solid four bar and I just got I just got
clipped on i'm pretty sure that kid
almost hit a kill chain on me just now
thank god that was a split quadfeed I
don't feel too bad isn't my first game
on this kids just buying me this isn't
fair he already took my lunch money just
leave me alone man hey Carl
what's up dude Carl you're a fucking
love you I fucking love you too oh my
god I was just thinking like I'm all
been baseball's my gang get in and out
clean face Carl's dead he loved me he
loves me too bro why there's enough love
for everybody it's okay well know what
true love is me staying on plaza just to
make this kid's day you started freaking
out as soon as I got in the game I knew
you'd be devastated if I left plus I
love playing Plaza because there's a
chance of hitting a shot on plaza always
want to hit like a crazy noise sniper
clip on this map but I just never
happens a quad headshot beat on plaza
free-for-all oh I would be impressed oh
shit oh shit whoa whoa whoa whoa too
close oh no I gotta reload man not cool
not cool not cool no every time I have
to reload there's a clip opportunity
there it's obnoxious no you jack Markell
saw the thing that gets me every single
time is when it takes me more than like
four minutes to get the last when I'm
constantly just spawning in a gang fuck
that shit will get me bitch you will not
kill my vibe okay the c-4 definitely
killed some vibes that was just
unnecessary and she snapped not cool
cool I would very much like to get this
last kill now without getting killed but
I think that's asking for a bit too much
I got it halah fucking luya on the last
I feel so helpless have to try to get to
the trickshotting spots and it's nothing
but pain and misery oh I've spawn near
the spot he doesn't seem we're moving up
we had this I'm about to build this poor
son of a bitch oh no don't climb over
the wall car god damn it no no no no
it's going south it went south something
something doesn't add up about this kids
score per minute something tells me he
does not get ninety two thousand points
every minute it just doesn't make sense
to me mmm no siree Oh her killer drones
are so fucking rude
oh my god that was beautiful oh that
cool wat ah that is creme fraiche I'm I
just got the kill chain with that oh my
god please give me the cocaine please
please baby I got the Koala feed metal
kill chain that's what I act see boom I
knew it kill chain is a beautiful
looking thank you all so much for
watching today's first video if you all
enjoyed it and you would likely to
continue to develop letting in the
future I have to do is leave a thumbs up
because that lets me know that you enjoy
I am going to be trying to upload
something else other than black ops 2
free-for-all so you guys do not get
bored so hopefully you guys do want that
if you don't then okay as always my
friends I do hope you all have
yourselves a fantastic day farewell and
a goodbye I'll see you in the next video
huh
Oh